feat: update docs for edgex 3.0 update (#152)
intel-retail/automated-vending: docs_src/automated-vending-services/device_services.md

### Card reader description

> The `ds-card-reader` device service is an EdgeX device service that allows a USB-based RFID card reader to grant access to the Automated Vending. At a high level, this device service is responsible for discovering a specific card reader device, watching for input from that device, parsing that input, and then forwarding the input into the EdgeX framework.

Author: we do need device to be authenticated to give information to automated vending. @brian-intel what do you think?

> The `ds-card-reader` device service is an EdgeX device service that allows a USB-based RFID card reader to grant access to the Automated Vending. At a high level, this device service is responsible for discovering a specific card reader device, watching for input from that device, parsing that input, and then forwarding the input into the EdgeX framework.

Reviewer: The only atuh is auth of the user. The way AV Auth works is the card is read by this service and then the Auth service validates the card number and grants/denies access to the cooler.

So maybe this is better?
```suggestion
The `ds-card-reader` device service is an EdgeX device service that allows a USB-based RFID card reader to read user's card for accessing to the Automated Vending. At a high level, this device service is responsible for discovering a specific card reader device, watching for input from that device, parsing that input, and then forwarding the input thru the EdgeX framework to the ms-authentication service which authorizes/denies access to the Automated Vending.
```

> The `ds-card-reader` device service is an EdgeX device service that allows a USB-based RFID card reader to read user's card for accessing to the Automated Vending. At a high level, this device service is responsible for discovering a specific card reader device, watching for input from that device, parsing that input, and then forwarding the input through the EdgeX framework to the ms-authentication service which authorizes/denies access to the Automated Vending.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `ds-card-reader` device service is an EdgeX device service that allows a USB-based RFID card reader to read the user's card and grant access to the Automated Vending system. At a high level, this device service is responsible for discovering a specific card reader device, watching for input from that device, parsing that input, and then forwarding the input through the EdgeX framework to the ms-authentication service which authorizes/denies access to the Automated Vending.
```

    <img src="../images/delta.png">
</p>

The Automated Vending architecture uses three MQTT topics:

| Topic                       | Description                                                                                             |
| ----------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | Inference/CommandTopic                  | All events pushed from EdgeX's command API are fed into this topic. The [`as-vending`](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/automated-checkout/blob/master/as-vending) and [`as-controller-board-status`](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/automated-checkout/blob/master/as-controller-board-status) are two services that make requests to this API, typically for making door close/open and heartbeat events. |

Reviewer 3: we probably also want to fix the url for that too: 
```suggestion
| Inference/CommandTopic                  | All events pushed from EdgeX's command API are fed into this topic. The [`as-vending`](https://github.com/intel-retail/automated-vending/tree/main/as-vending) and [`as-controller-board-status`](https://github.com/intel-retail/automated-vending/tree/main/as-controller-board-status) are two services that make requests to this API, typically for making door close/open and heartbeat events. |
```

| Inference/ResponseTopic  | The Automated Vending cv inference service will respond to published messages on the `Inference/CommandTopic` topic on the `Inference/ResponseTopic` topic. |

> | Inference/DataTopic                | The cv inference service publishes delta SKUs on this topic, then the MQTT device service converts them into EdgeX event readings, and finally the [`as-vending`](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/automated-checkout/blob/master/as-vending) service processes the event readings and pushes them to downstream services. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Inference/DataTopic                | The cv inference service publishes delta SKUs on this topic, then the MQTT device service converts them into EdgeX event readings, and finally the [`as-vending`](https://github.com/intel-retail/automated-vending/tree/main/as-vending) service processes the event readings and pushes them to downstream services. |
```

> #### `GET`: `http://localhost:59982/api/v2/device/name/Inference-device/inferenceHeartbeat`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### `GET`: `http://localhost:59982/api/v3/device/name/Inference-device/inferenceHeartbeat`
```

> The `GET` call to the EdgeX MQTT device service's `inferenceHearbeat` command will act as a health-check for the Automated Vending cv inference service. It must return `200 OK` upon swiping an RFID card in order for the vending workflow to begin. If it does not, the [`as-vending`](https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/automated-checkout/blob/master/as-vending) service will enter maintenance mode.

Reviewer 3: fix url to intel-retail
